# VMCbot


## 📄 Abstract
The aim of our project is to make a Voice Control Robot Car. The working is based on an Arduino microcontroller, motor drivers, A Bluetooth module. Arduino is an open-source hardware (single-board microcontrollers and kits) used for building digital devices. The idea is to first design the Hardware of the Robot Car and then code the entire working using our previous knowledge of programming. The code will then be simulated on software (IDE) and later be interfaced with the hardware. The coordination of the control unit with Bluetooth gadget is accomplished utilizing a Bluetooth module to catch and read the voice orders. The controlling remote is a smart android device with Bluetooth Application. We picked this as our project as robotics has become a major part of our everyday lifestyle and also has a wide scope in the engineering field. It plays a vital role in the development of new technology. 

## 🗒️ Introduction
Robotics is an evolving technology. There are Various approaches to build robots, and no one is sure which method or technology will be used 100 years from now. Robotics is evolving like the Darwinian evolutionary theory of survival of the fittest. The framework equipment comprises a controller outfitted with Bluetooth communication module. It’ll be connected to the motors and other alternative components of the car. When the Bluetooth app is turned on and is connected with the current system via Bluetooth, one will operate the car by giving wireless commands from the app using the functions already programmed in the app. The vehicle will motion in four directions: Forward, Backward, Right and Left. In forward movement, all four motors will motion in the same direction and for backward motion; movement of the motors will be in the opposite direction. For left and right movements, either of the motors will rotate and to stop the motors will stop. Instructions are given to the motors through the Bluetooth app of Android Smartphone by the user. In this project, we will deliberate how to control robot  car using Bluetooth module through Bluetooth application of an android mobile phone. The benefit of using a robot-controlled car is it can be used to reduce manual work. This project can be modified quite easily to include a camera that can stream the videos to the user over Wi-Fi using WiFi module.
